# Privacy Policy
Last updated: 2020.07.16

This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by FPV Exchange, Inc. (hereafter “FPV Exchange”, “our,” “we,” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our website, mobile applications and other online services (collectively, the “FPV Exchange Service”) or when you otherwise interact with us.

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with more prominent notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the FPV Exchange Service to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.

Note: FPV Exchange is piloting a new electronic payments solution that is only available to certain users. As a result, some of the provisions of this privacy policy related to the payments solution may not apply to all users.

If you are a California resident, please see the “Information for California Consumers” section below.

**We do not “sell” the personal information we collect (and will not sell it in the future without providing a right to opt out).**

## Collection of Information

### 1. Information You Provide to Us

FPV Exchange collects information that you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you register or update the details of your account and profile, post information in order to sell any good through the FPV Exchange Service, enroll in any third-party operated payment processing services offered in connection with the FPV Exchange Service, communicate with other users, provide reviews or other comments, purchase any services from FPV Exchange, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, avatar image, account creation date, website URL, YouTube channel, Twitter handle, Instagram handle, Facebook handle, Reddit handle, FPV Exchange account password, telephone number, postal address including city, state and zip code, photographs, written descriptions of your posted items, items that you import from vendors, any transactions you make on offers through the FPV Exchange Service, any reviews or comments you make using the FPV Exchange Service, all correspondence or communications with other users or with us conducted via the FPV Exchange Service, government-issued identification documents (such as a driver’s license), and any other information you choose to provide.

### 2. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the FPV Exchange Service

When you access or use the FPV Exchange Service, we automatically collect information about you, including:

* Log Information:
    * We log information about your use of the FPV Exchange Service, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our FPV Exchange Service.
* Device Information:
    * We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access the FPV Exchange Service, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
* Location Information:
    * If you consent to the collection of location information from your computer or mobile device, we may collect this information when you access or use FPV Exchange, or when you otherwise consent to the collection of this information. We may also use your IP address to infer an approximate geographic location for your computer or device. For more details, please see “Your Information Choices” below.
* Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
    * We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that helps us to improve the FPV Exchange Service and your experience, see which areas and features of the FPV Exchange Service are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “gifs,” “pixel tags” and “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in the FPV Exchange Service or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Information Choices” below.

### 3. Information from Third Parties

FPV Exchange may, from time to time, obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the FPV Exchange Service in order to enhance our ability to serve you, prevent fraudulent transactions, tailor our content to you, offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you, and for any other purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site. We may also receive transaction information from Stripe Inc. when you purchase or sell a good using the FPV Exchange payment solution, including the date and time of sale and the amount of the sale.

### 4. Payment Information Collected by Stripe

FPV Exchange is integrated with Stripe Inc.’s (“Stripe”) services to allow sellers to accept credit card and other electronic payment methods for goods they list for sale on the FPV Exchange Service. Stripe provides these services directly to sellers pursuant to its own terms and privacy policy. When signing up to receive funds electronically, Stripe, and not FPV Exchange, collects some of the information provided by sellers via the FPV Exchange Service, including debit card numbers, Social Security numbers, government IDs, and bank account information.

## Use of Information

### 1. General Uses

FPV Exchange uses information about you for various purposes, including to:

* Enable you to access and use the FPV Exchange Service, to personalize the FPV Exchange Service, and to optimize the type of offers presented to you when you use the FPV Exchange Service;
* Create and maintain a trusted and safer environment on the FPV Exchange Service, including through detection and prevention of fraud, unauthorized access, intrusion, and service interruption;
* Conduct investigations and to respond to disputes between users, error resolution, and other similar customer support service;
* Enable any identification programs we may institute and in which you elect or are required to participate, such as verifying your identity and address, and conduct checks against various publicly available databases;
* Operate, protect, improve and optimize the FPV Exchange Service, our business, and our users’ experience;
* Perform analytics, conduct research, and monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the FPV Exchange Service;
* Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by FPV Exchange and others, and provide advertisements that match user profiles or interests, news and information we think will be of interest to you;
* Send you service, support and administrative messages, reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and information requested by you;
* Comply with our legal obligations or requests from law enforcement agencies, resolve any disputes that we may have with any of our users, and enforce our agreements with third parties;
* Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
* Assist third-party payment processors with transaction processing, error, chargeback and disputed transaction resolution, and similar payment processing functions; and
* Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
* Profile information:
    * Accessible to anyone logged into FPV Exchange with a valid FPV Exchange account:
        * Your profile name, avatar image, profile background image and account creation date
        * Your social media information links (Website URL, Youtube channel, Twitter handle, Instagram handle, Facebook handle and Reddit handle)
    * Secret and not accessible to anyone other than yourself:
        * Your mailing address, email address and mobile number
    * Accessible to anyone
        * Your mailing zip code (hidden) is used to identify the general location of your items so others can locate nearby pilots with items that they are seeking
* Items that you enter
    * Accessible to anyone:
        * Item name, selling price, quantity of items, photo(s)/video(s)
        * Item is only displayed and only detected by others if "Display" property for that item is checked
    * Hidden from anyone except yourself, but function permits location determination:
        * Your items are tagged with your mailing address zip code (which is hidden) to determine where nearby gear can be purchased
    * Secret and not accessible to anyone other than yourself:
        * Vendor purchase order history
        * Login credentials to automatically import purchase order history (never saved or archived within FPV Exchange at any point)
        * Vendor name
        * Vendor item name
        * Purchase date
        * Purchase price
        * Purchase quantity
        * Items with "Display" property unchecked
        * Willingness to sell
        * Any information contained within Facebook, Google, Reddit, Twitter or social media.
        * Information regarding each item, regardless of method entered into FPV Exchange     
        

FPV Exchange is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the FPV Exchange Service or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.

## Sharing of Information

### 1. General

We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:

* With the public on the FPV Exchange Service.
* When sellers register through the FPV Exchange Service to receive electronic payments via Stripe’s services, we will share certain information about them with Stripe, including name, address, IP address and date of birth. This information is in addition to the information collected directly by Stripe (as described above in “Payment Information Collected by Stripe”). Stripe may use this information for the purposes described in its privacy policy, including for fraud prevention.
* With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf (including, without limitation, with third-party service providers that may use the information we share to help us and other companies detect inaccurate personal information and prevent fraudulent transactions);
* In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
* If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of FPV Exchange or others;
* In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company;
* Between and among FPV Exchange, and its current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership; and
* With your consent or at your direction, including as mentioned in the Social Sharing Features section below or if we otherwise notify you through the FPV Exchange Service that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
* We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.

### 2. Social Sharing Features

The FPV Exchange Service may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take on the FPV Exchange Service with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide those features.

## Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others

We may allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the FPV Exchange Service and other websites and online services, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by FPV Exchange and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the FPV Exchange Service and other websites and online services, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purpose, please visithttp://www.aboutads.info/choices/. Your mobile device operating system may also include a feature that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for behavioral advertising purposes.

## Security

FPV Exchange takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.

## Your Choices

### 1. Account Information

* Users can choose to delete their entire profile, item inventory and purchase history at any point. No data will be kept with FPV Exchange.
* If you wish to obtain a copy of the information stored within FPV Exchange, data can be requested.
* A user does not have to list any items to browse items on the site.
* Users don't need to upload any items, but the marketplace is only as good as the number of items that are available to others to purchase.
* Items will only be visible to others if they mark an item to be displayed.
* Any item without the "Display" property checked will not be visible to any user.
* A user can choose to hide their entire inventory but not marking a single item to be displayed.
* Social media information does not have to be specified. The app does not require integration with social media platforms to list and exchange gear.
* All contact information is hidden from others using the site to ensure each user's privacy.
* A user is permitted to share contact information directly with others.
* No information is shared with parties, vendors or social media.

### 2. Location Information

When you first download or launch any of our mobile applications that collect location information or first use any features that use location information, you will be asked to consent to the application’s collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile applications form your device.
Even if you do not provide us with consent to collect precise location information from your mobile device or platform, we may use your IP address to infer an approximation of your location when using certain features of the FPV Exchange Services, such as the FPV Exchange payments solution.
In some features, FPV Exchange uses mapping services from Google Maps/Google Earth, including Google Maps API(s). Your use of these services is subject toGoogle's terms of service.

### 3. Cookies

Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with the FPV Exchange Service. To delete or disable flash cookies please visit your browser's configuration settings and forums for more information. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of the FPV Exchange Service.

### 4. Promotional Communications

You may opt out of receiving promotional emails, text messages, and other communications from FPV Exchange by following the instructions in those emails, text messages or other communications or by logging on to your FPV Exchange account and going to Settings.

## Information for California Residents

This section provides additional disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), which applies to the personal information we collect about California residents.

In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers (such as name, contact information, device identifiers and state-issued ID numbers); internet or other electronic network activity information (such as usage data); demographic information (such as age); commercial information (such as products purchased or sold); geolocation data; inferences (such as approximate location); visual or similar information (such as photographs of yourself); and other information that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you and that does not fit neatly into one of the other categories (such as personal information contained in reviews, comments and communications with us). For more details about the personal information we collect, including the categories of sources, please see the ***Collection of Information*** section above.

We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes listed in the ***Use of Information*** section above. We share the personal information we collect with the categories of third parties listed in the ***Sharing of Information*** section above.

Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California residents with the right to:

* **Request to know** about the personal information that we have collected about you in the 12 months preceding your request (including the categories of information collected, the source of that information, the business purpose of that collection, the categories of third parties with whom that information is shared, and the specific pieces of personal information collected about you);
* **Request to delete** any personal information about you that we have collected;
* **Opt-out of “sales”** of personal information to third parties, if applicable; and
* **Not to be discriminated against** for exercising these rights.

**We do not “sell” the personal information we collect (and will not sell it in the future without providing a right to opt out)**

To submit a request to know or a request to delete, please send an email to contactus@fpvexchange.com. In both cases, we will verify your request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file about you. You may designate another person as your authorized agent to act on your behalf with regard to CCPA requests. If you have designated an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf, we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and may also still ask you to verify your identity with us directly.

## Questions and Comments

If you’d like to provide feedback to us about this ***Privacy Policy***, or if you have any questions, please contact us at contactus@fpvexchange.com.

