# Listing policies
Last updated: 2020.07.16


## Am I allowed to sell this item on FPV Exchange? 

Some items are not currently able to be sold on FPV Exchange due to legal restrictions, our policies and some items which can only be listed in very strict circumstances. Please review our ***Prohibited and restricted items policy*** for more information and specifics.

## Why was my item removed? 

FPV Exchange has been purposely designed to not only respect your privacy and safety, but also every other user’s as well. Therefore, sometimes FPV Exchange removes items that don’t follow our policies. If your item is removed, we will notify you via your email, SMS and/or notification center which item was removed and the rationale behind doing so

## Where is the item that I added to the site?

If you added an item, but you don’t see it when searching FPV Exchange, confirm that the item is in your personal inventory and the display status is set to “Display” and not hidden. If it does not appear in your inventory, then the item was either removed or potentially violated our policies. If your item violated our policies, you would be notified via your email and/or notification center.

If the item is in your inventory and it’s display status is set to “visible”, confirm that you are you not filtering your search results. Potentially an improper region, category, price, distance or search term(s) is excluding your item from the results. 

If the item is categorized properly, consider methods to optimize your item listing, improve the description and images related to the text.

## Images and text policy

Ensure that your item that you are listing has the correct and most accurate description and images. Intentionally providing incorrect and inaccurate information violates our item listing policy and is likely to cause the item to be removed as well as effecting your karma and/or potentially resulting in actions as a result of a breach of the FPV Exchange User Agreement.

Ensure that your information provided, including multimedia such as videos or images, do not infringe upon the copyright of others. Multimedia provided should be videos or images that you created yourself. FPV Exchange can provide some basic product descriptions but this is only provided as a service to assist you in entering your items. 

### Frequently Asked Questions

#### What should I do if my image or text is being used by another member?
When you create listings you give FPV Exchange and it's members permission, through the ***FPV Exchange User Agreement***, to use your images and product details. Your content may be added to the FPV Exchange product catalog, and may be used by other sellers in their FPV Exchange listings.

You may contact the member and ask them to remove your image or text from their listing if it is not part of the FPV Exchange product catalog.

#### Can I use images that I copied from other websites in my listing or product page?

No, you can't use images copied from other websites or internet searches in your listing or product page, unless the owner of the image has given you permission. For example, it may be considered copyright infringement if you copy and paste an image from a manufacturer's website, unless you have permission.

### Images and text policy overview

When creating listings or product pages, members should write their own description and take their own photos. Buyers like to see images and descriptions that accurately represent an item they are purchasing. If you use text or an image that was created by someone else be sure that you have permission to use the text or image from the rights owner or creator.

#### If your image or text is being used by another member:

You may contact the other member to ask if they'll remove your image or text from their listing. Keep in mind, when you create a listing or product page you give FPV Exchange and it's members permission, through our user agreement, to use your images and product details. Your content may be added to the FPV Exchange product catalog, at our discretion. Content added to the catalog may be used by other sellers in their FPV Exchange listings.

#### What are the guidelines?

Your listing or product page should follow these guidelines.

If you're not using pictures or text from the FPV Exchange product catalog, you should use your own when creating a listing. If you're using someone else's photos and text, make sure you have permission from the rights owner or creator.

##### Allowed

* Images and text you created yourself
* All FPV Exchange product catalog images and text
 
##### Restricted

* You should be sure you have permission from the rights owner or creator before you use the following:
    * Images or text copied from websites or internet searches
    * Stock photos and text
    * Information from product packaging
* It's usually OK to use information such as measurements, weight, or other item specifications that are necessary to describe the item that you simply can't say any other way. However, you should avoid using any other text from product packaging.
* Scans or text copied from catalogs or advertisements

## How FPV Exchange protects intellectual property rights

We developed the Verified Rights Owner (VeRO) program to facilitate cooperation between FPV Exchange and rights owners protecting their intellectual property rights.

Learn more about how FPV Exchange protects intellectual property rights and how rights owners can report intellectual property infringements to legal@fpvexchange.com.
 
### Why does FPV Exchange have this policy?

Sellers must accurately represent the items they are selling.

It may be considered copyright infringement if you copy and use images and text without permission from the rights owner or creator.

## No item listings policy

All listings on FPV Exchange have to offer a physical item or a tangible service. Listings that are blank, or don't offer a tangible item or service, aren't allowed because they can cause confusion for buyers and increase the risk of fraud.

All listings on FPV Exchange must offer either a physical item or a service for sale.
To help avoid confusion for buyers, want ads, place holders, or offers to trade can’t be listed on our site.

### What is the policy?

A listing must offer either a physical item, which includes digitally delivered goods, or a service for sale. Want ads, place holders, or offers to trade items (one good for another good) are not allowed.

Activity that doesn't follow FPV Exchange policy could result in a range of actions including for example: administratively ending or canceling listings, hiding or demoting all listings from search results, lowering seller rating, buying or selling restrictions, and account suspension. All fees paid or payable in relation to listings or accounts on which we take any action will not be refunded or otherwise credited to your account.

### Why does FPV Exchange have this policy?

This policy helps keep FPV Exchange a safe and enjoyable place to buy and sell, as listings that don’t offer an item or service for sale can be confusing for buyers.

It’s not permitted to manipulate FPV Exchange's search and browse experience by adding popular keywords in your listings that don't have any relation to your items.

## No modifying or adding keywords that don’t have any relation to your items

Manipulating FPV Exchange's search and browse experience by adding popular keywords in your listings that don't have any relation to your items, or using other tactics that could mislead buyers, is not allowed. To make sure our search results give buyers the best experience possible, it's also important to accurately describe your items, use a clear title, and list in the appropriate categories.

### What is the policy?

* Manipulating search results to gain unfair visibility of a listing is not allowed
* Using keywords that are not directly related to the item for sale is not allowed. All the words in the listing need to be accurate and refer only to the item for sale
* If the item is an accessory for or compatible with another item, "fits", "for" or "compatible with" should be stated before the name of the compatible item. However, "fits", "for" or "compatible with" is not allowed before the brand names of jewelry, clothing and accessories, or universally compatible items
* Listings that make comparisons with other products are not allowed
* Listings that promote other listings are not allowed
* Listings can't include keywords with question marks, as this can be misleading for buyers. If any item details are unclear or unknown, they should be left out of the listing
* Offering a choice of different products in a single listing is not allowed. This includes:
    * Selling different brands or models in the same listing (for example, an iPhone 6 and an iPhone 7)
    * Selling different items with different conditions in the same listing (for example, "new" and "used" items)
* List identical items in one multi-quantity fixed price listing
* List items with variations such as size and color in one fixed price listing with variations
* List items that fit multiple vehicles using our parts compatibility guide. (Compatible vehicles should not be included in the listing title)
* Significant differences between items in a listing should be highlighted in the listing title, pictures, price, condition, and item specifics, so that buyers can easily tell them apart
* Activity that doesn't follow FPV Exchange policy could result in a range of actions including for example: administratively ending or canceling listings, hiding or demoting all listings from search results, lowering seller rating, buying or selling restrictions, and account suspension. All fees paid or payable in relation to listings or accounts on which we take any action will not be refunded or otherwise credited to your account.

### Why does FPV Exchange have this policy?

This policy helps buyers quickly find what they are looking for every time they use FPV Exchange. Clean search results improves buyer trust, increases purchasing, and results in buyers coming back to FPV Exchange for future purchases.

## Item location misrepresentation policy

To make sure buyers have a clear understanding of shipping charges and delivery times, all sellers must provide accurate information in their listings about where their item is located to within 20 miles (32.1 kilometers) to where the item resides.

Item location information must accurately state where the item will be shipped from.
To make sure buyers have a clear understanding of shipping charges and delivery times, sellers must provide accurate information in their listings about where their item will be shipped from.

### What is the policy?

* Clear and accurate information about where the item is located, including the postal code, city and country where the item will ship from, must be included in listings. This can be different from the seller's registered address, registered business address, or the address provided for returns
* Item location information must be consistent across all areas of the listing including title, description and item specifics
* A tracking number uploaded after an item has sold must match the shipping location provided in the listing

Activity that doesn't follow FPV Exchange policy could result in a range of actions including for example: administratively ending or canceling listings, hiding or demoting all listings from search results, lowering seller rating, buying or selling restrictions, loss of buyer or seller protections, and account suspension. All fees paid or payable in relation to listings or accounts on which we take any action will not be refunded or otherwise credited to your account.

### Why does FPV Exchange have this policy?

This policy helps buyers make informed purchasing decisions based on shipping charges and delivery times, and protects sellers from complaints about excessive costs or delays.

## Warranties policy

Offering your customers a guarantee or warranty gives them peace of mind when they buy from you, and can help give you an edge on the competition.

If you offer a warranty for an item you're selling, you must include the warranty details in your listing.

### What is the policy?

Items valued over $15 that include a warranty or service contract must contain additional details in their listing description. You need to include one of the following:
* The full text of the written warranty or service contract
* A statement explaining how to get a free copy of the written warranty or service contract upon written request

Activity that doesn't follow FPV Exchange policy could result in a range of actions including for example: administratively ending or canceling listings, hiding or demoting all listings from search results, lowering seller rating, buying or selling restrictions, and account suspension. All fees paid or payable in relation to listings or accounts on which we take any action will not be refunded or otherwise credited to your account.

### Why does FPV Exchange have this policy?

This policy helps sellers comply with the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, a federal law regulating warranties enforced by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

## JavaScript policy

Active content in listings can create a poor experience by increasing page load times and introducing security risks. That's why it's not allowed in listings on FPV Exchange.

The inclusion of active content in listings can create a poor experience for our users, particularly on mobile devices. It also increases page load times, and introduces security risks. As such, active content has been removed from all existing listings, and isn't allowed in new listings.

Examples of active content include scrolling item pickers, embedded feedback, social sharing icons and currency conversion widgets. Please see our full policy guidelines below for the details of the types of JavaScript that are not allowed.

We strongly recommend removing any active content in your existing listings, as it will no longer be visible to buyers, and your listings won't be appearing as you originally intended.

### Frequently Asked Questions

#### What happens if I try to use active content?

If you include active content when creating new listings, you'll get an error message saying "Disallowed JavaScript/HTML Syntax". You won't be able to list the item until the active content is removed.

### JavaScript policy overview

Active content such as JavaScript, Flash, plug-ins, and form actions are no longer displayed in listings. If you include active content in your listings then they may not look as expected and buyer experience may be impaired.
Some forms of active content that can be used maliciously are still not allowed in listings or other FPV Exchange pages. You also aren't allowed to use JavaScript to manipulate the standard functions of FPV Exchange listings, FPV Exchange Store pages or your profile. Any attempt to disguise the intention or function of a listing's source code when using JavaScript is a violation of FPV Exchange policy. Sellers may not manipulate or edit anything outside of the areas designated for member content. Make sure your listing follows these guidelines. If it doesn't, it may be removed, and you may be subject to a range of other actions, including limits of your buying and selling privileges and suspension of your account.

### What are the guidelines?
 
### Not allowed

You can't use JavaScript that:
* Calls remote scripts and pages automatically
* Changes registry entries or otherwise writes to another person's computer hard drive
* Creates automatic pop-ups except for links that open in a new window when clicked on
* Is used to drop or read a cookie on any FPV Exchange page
* Loads any binary program on another person's computer automatically
* Launches a song or video when a listing is opened
* Overwrites any area in the listing outside of the item description area
* Manipulates areas outside the listing description, including changing fonts, colors and backgrounds in areas such as FPV Exchange headers and footers
* Posts to scripts on FPV Exchange automatically
* Redirects the user from FPV Exchange to another web page, such as using the "replace" script
 
### Additional information

If you try to use scripts that we disable, you'll get an error message that says "Disallowed JavaScript/HTML Syntax". This means you can't list the item, or the script will be disabled at run-time. Any other error message indicates a separate issue and isn't related to disabling HTML or JavaScript code.

### Why does FPV Exchange have this policy?

To help keep our website working the way we designed it to, we don't allow using scripts that manipulate or change the way the site and its features operate, and we don't render active content.

## Links policy

### What is the policy?

* We don't allow store names to be a web address or include (for example) '.com', '.net', '.org' or '.edu'
* Videos can't violate any FPV Exchange policy, such as adult content or offers to buy or sell outside of FPV Exchange, and must be specific to the listing, such as a product review, demonstration or installation video
* Credits for third-party providers are not allowed to link off-FPV Exchange or contain external web addresses or contact information, and must follow these guidelines:
    * They may contain up to 10 words of text (HTML font size 3) and a logo no larger than 88 x 33 pixels
    * The credit or acknowledgement can't contain promotional material and should only identify the specific service provided for the listing
    * They can't flash, move, or be animated
* Links in a description are only allowed for the following:
    * Other FPV Exchange pages (FPV Exchange Messages, other FPV Exchange items, Stores pages, Follow Seller or Add to my Favorite Sellers)
    * Product videos
    * Freight shipping services approved by FPV Exchange
    * Legally required information
    * Credit for third-party providers

Videos must be embedded within item descriptions and are only allowed from sites on this list
* YouTube
* Vimeo
* Brightcove
* Ustream
* Screencast
* Kizoa
* DailyMotion

Links to freight shipping services are only allowed from companies on this list
* A. Duie Pyle
* AAA Cooper Transportation
* ABF Freight
* Airgroup
* American Central Transport (ACT)
* Averitt Express
* Central Freight Lines
* Central Transport
* CEVA
* Con-Way
* Daylight Transport
* Dayton Freight Lines
* EchoTrak
* Estes Express Lines
* FedEx Freight
* FreightCenter
* Holland Freight
* Hunter Logistic Services
* Innovel Solutions Inc.
* NVC Logistics
* Old Dominion Freight Line
* Pilot Freight Services
* PITT OHIO
* R+L Carriers
* Reddaway
* Roadrunner Transportation Systems
* RR Donnelley
* Saia LTL Freight
* ShipHawk
* Southeastern Freight Lines
* STI Freight Management
* Tazmanian Freight Systems
* The Custom Companies
* UPS Freight
* uShip
* XPO Logistics
* YRC Freight
 
Activity that doesn't follow FPV Exchange policy could result in a range of actions including for example: administratively ending or canceling listings, hiding or demoting all listings from search results, lowering seller rating, buying or selling restrictions, and account suspension. All fees paid or payable in relation to listings or accounts on which we take any action will not be refunded or otherwise credited to your account.

### Why does FPV Exchange have this policy?

Limiting the use of links that direct customers away from our site helps protect everyone on FPV Exchange from malicious sites and spam. FPV Exchange has invested a great amount to attract interested buyers and connect them with great sellers, and this policy also helps buyers transact safely on FPV Exchange.

## Third-party endorsements policy

Understand why we don't allow the use of third-party statements or logos that vouch for a seller's 'reputation' or 'trustworthiness' in FPV Exchange listings.

To make sure buyers can't be misled by endorsements that can't easily be verified, we don't allow the use of third-party statements or logos that vouch for a seller's 'reputation' or 'trustworthiness' in FPV Exchange listings or products.

To find out more about the ways in which you can build trust with buyers through your listings, please see our full policy guidelines below.

### Frequently Asked Questions

#### A buyer commented that I'm a trustworthy seller. Can I use this in my listing?

No, we don't allow quotes like this because they're subjective, can't be verified, and may mislead buyers. Similarly, any seals or logos that make unverifiable claims about sellers can't be included in listings.

### I have over 1,000 positive feedback ratings. Can I use this to show I'm a reputable seller?

Yes, statements like this can be used in listings because the buyer can easily verify them – by looking at your feedback profile, for example. You can also include any statement that guarantees the transaction or item, (e.g. "satisfaction guaranteed or your money back."), provided it doesn't also vouch for your trustworthiness as a seller (e.g. "reliable seller").

### Third-party endorsements policy overview

FPV Exchange doesn't allow third parties to provide logos or statements that claim to vouch for a member's trustworthiness. You can include information in your listing about your FPV Exchange reputation, such as your feedback ratings.

However, you can't make statements about your reputation as a seller in a way that buyers can't verify. You also can't include endorsements from other people or companies that talk about your trustworthiness as a seller, because buyers can't verify those types of claims.

Make sure your listings and products follows these guidelines. If they don't, they may be removed, and you may be subject to a range of other actions, including limits of your buying and selling privileges and suspension of your account.

### What are the guidelines?

#### Allowed

* Statements that guarantee the transaction or item, but don't guarantee the seller. Examples include:
* "Satisfaction guaranteed or your money back."
* "Protected transaction guaranteed for up to $25,000."
* Statements about seller confidence because a buyer can easily verify this claim. Examples include:
* "Buy with confidence! I have over 1,000 positive feedback ratings."
* "Member FDIC"
 
#### Not allowed

* Third-party statements, seals, or logos that vouch for the trustworthiness of a seller, such as:
* "This FPV Exchange seller is extremely reliable and reputable."
* "Buy with confidence from a trusted seller."
* "Reliable seller"
* Statements, seals, or logos that manipulate FPV Exchange's feedback system because buyers can't verify these claims. For example, "100% positive feedback in authentic watches."
 
### Why does FPV Exchange have this policy?

Since we can't verify the trustworthiness claims made by third parties, we don't allow these claims in listings or products. Manipulating any FPV Exchange reputation system, such as feedback ratings, could confuse or mislead buyers.

## Pre-sale listings policy

To ensure buyers aren't disappointed, our pre-sale listings policy for items like cell phones and video games outlines the requirements for this type of transaction.

Presale listings must clearly state that they are "presale" in the title and description, and guarantee delivery within 30 days of purchase.

In order to protect buyer and seller guarantees, presale listings must follow FPV Exchange policy, including listing the date the item will be available to ship.

### What is the policy?

* Presale listings must guarantee that the item will be shipped within 30 days of purchase
* The date the item will be available to ship must be clearly stated in the listing
* Listings must clearly indicate in the title and description that the item is being offered for presale
* Handling time details should include the time the seller will wait to acquire the item, in addition to the time it will take to ship to the buyer

Activity that doesn't follow FPV Exchange policy could result in a range of actions including for example: administratively ending or canceling listings, hiding or demoting all listings from search results, lowering seller rating, buying or selling restrictions, and account suspension. All fees paid or payable in relation to listings or accounts on which we take any action will not be refunded or otherwise credited to your account.

### Why does FPV Exchange have this policy?

This policy helps ensure our customers are protected by FPV Exchange buyer and seller guarantees.


