# User Agreement
Last updated: 2020.07.16

This User Agreement is effective upon acceptance for any new user and is effective for all users on July 16, 2020. 

## 1. Introduction

This User Agreement and all policies posted on our site permits you to access and use FPV Exchange. You must agree to all policies and terms provided by FPV Exchange, which are incorporated into this user agreement, when using FPV Exchange.

You are contracting with FPV Exchange LLC, 120 Forrest Creek Court, Langhorne, PA 19053. In this User Agreement, these entities are individually and collectively referred to as "**FPV Exchange LLC**," "**we**," or "**us**."

## 2. About FPV Exchange

FPV Exchange is an ecommerce and social platform that allows users to buy, sell and exchange products related to First Person View (“FPV”), Remote Control (“RC”), and other technical and electronic products. It serves as a community hub to exchange goods, ideas and assist others in complex and technical hobbies and industries. It is not a traditional ecommerce platform, reseller, vendor, auctioneer or social media site. The contract for sale exists only between buyer and seller and FPV Exchange provides only a mechanism to facilitate the interaction. Information and guidance provided by FPV Exchange is informational and may not be factually correct. FPV Exchange does not guarantee or warranty any product, nor does it ensure that a product is legal, safe, or information provided is accurate. FPV Exchange does not ensure that a product can be legally sold or possessed by either party, nor does it guarantee that a transaction can occur or if there is a method to reverse a transaction. It serves as a ecommerce and social platform with a “buyer beware” and buying and selling “as-is”. FPV Exchange seeks to exclude unscrupulous users, such as scammers, from the platform using sophisticated methods while also providing both buyers and sellers with advanced statistics and methods of analysis to permit users to attempt to confirm another users validity and credibility, despite the other user being foreign and unknown.

## 3. Using FPV Exchange

In connection with using or accessing the Services you will not:

1.	Upload items or content that is not in the appropriate category;
2.	Fail to follow any of our policies, procedures, rules and regulations;
3.	Use our services if you are not able to form a legally-binding contract;
4.	Use our services to perform trade that is prohibited due to sanctions or suspension;
5.	Fail to pay or ship products to the appropriate user that occurred as a result of a ***valid transaction*** with that user;
6.	Modify the price, features, function, components that were agreed upon as a result of a ***valid transaction***;
7.	Post false, inflammatory or libelous content or be intentionally divisive;
8.	Misstate or incorrectly describe features, specifications, price or components of a product or service;
9.	Disrupt the proper function and purpose of “karma” ratings and feedback mechanisms;
10.	Transfer your FPV Exchange account to another party without our consent;
11.	Distribute technologies that may harm the interests or property of FPV Exchange or its users including but not limited to viruses, malware, spyware or ransomware;
12.	Access our services with automated mechanism to obtain or extract data from FPV Exchange or its users;
13.	Disrupt, interfere or burden the systems or operations of FPV Exchange;
14.	Infringe on intellectual property rights that belong to or are licensed to FPV Exchange. This includes copyrights, patents, trademarks, database and mechanisms. 
15.	Modify, derive, reproduce, reverse engineer or dissemble the mechanisms and processes that FPV Exchange utilizes;
16.	Violate any Intellectual Property Rights that belong to third parties. You will not post products or information that does not belong to you;
17.	Collect or extract user information, including any information that they provide, without their written consent;
18.	Bypass, interrupt, or hinder technical operations and services of FPV Exchange.

Sellers must meet FPV Exchange's ***minimum performance standards***. Failure to meet these standards may result in FPV Exchange charging you additional fees, and/or limiting, restricting, suspending, or downgrading your account.
If we believe you are abusing or misusing FPV Exchange or acting in an unethical manner, we may, in our sole discretion and without providing any other remedy, terminate or suspend your account(s) and/or remove any posted content. We may take legal action, including preventing you form using FPV Exchange.

## 4. Policy Enforcement

FPV Exchange will make every effort to ensure the best action is taken for buyers and sellers of any transaction as much as possible. Specific instances may arise which may cause some variation, but this will be done in the sole purpose of ensuring the proper action is taken. 

## 5. Fees and Taxes

Transaction fees and other fees for using FPV Exchange is listed on the ***FPV Exchange Fee Schedule***. Fees will be posted with two weeks notice (14 days) and updates will be communicated publicly on the FPV Exchange fees page. Additional fees, such as sales tax, shipping/transport fees or transaction fees exclusive of FPV Exchange, will be the responsibility of the buyer and seller. No advance notice is required for reductions of fees and fee reductions may be temporary. 

## 6. Listing Conditions

By listing an item on FPV Exchange in your inventory and potentially the marketplace, you agree to comply with FPV Exchange’s ***listing policies*** and ***selling practices***. Among those, you agree that:

1.	You are responsible for the content and accuracy of the item listed;
2.	FPV Exchange may not display the content exactly as you intend;
3.	Items that violate FPV Exchange’s policies may be modified or deleted at FPV Exchange’s sole discretion.
4.	FPV Exchange may correct, supplement or modify a listing to best serve the users of FPV Exchange;
5.	Results and appearance of your items may vary to optimize the users experience of FPV Exchange and may include filtering your item from display from others based upon search radius, item condition, status or price, among many other potential criteria of a user or FPV Exchange;
6.	URLs and tags provided may be modified or adjusted to ensure stability, performance, SEO and function of FPV Exchange.

## 7. Purchase Conditions

When purchasing an item on FPV Exchange, you agree to the ***Rules and policies for purchases***. Among those, you agree that:

1.	You will read the entire item listing before a transaction occurs and agree to all terms and conditions specified;
2.	When a transaction occurs, you agree that it’s a legally binding contract to exchange the item exactly as described.
3.	FPV Exchange does not transfer legal ownership of the items exchanged between the buyer and the seller;
4.	Utah Code Annotated § 70A-2-401(2) and Uniform Commercial Code § 2-401(2) apply to the transfer of ownership between the buyer and the seller, unless the buyer and the seller agree otherwise.

## 8. International Buying and Selling; Translation

We may offer items of interest to international buyers and sellers, such as estimated currency conversion. Individual users are responsible for complying with local laws, regulations and ordinances, including the purchase, sale and shipment of items internationally as detailed in the ***International Shipping Policy***. If shipping internationally, it is strongly urged to review the shipping rates since these fees can be significantly more than expected and can be quite expensive and required as part of your legally binding contract after a transaction has occurred.

The accuracy and availability of any translation is not guaranteed.

Pursuant to a routed export transaction under the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and Foreign Trade Regulations, the **buyer**, as the Foreign Principal Party in Interest, will agree to assume responsibility for the export shipment. You remain liable for the accuracy of information you provide about items, and you agree to provide timely responses to requests for additional information.

You agree to the disclosure of identifiable information, including listing, order and personal information by FPV Exchange to it’s affiliates, service providers and third parties (such as but not limited to customs, revenue authorities and governmental agencies) to permit processing, export and customs clearance and international transport of any item. FPV Exchange does not control the privacy policies of affiliates and you are subject to the policies of those agencies as applicable. 

## 9. Content

Content that you provide (directly or indirectly) grants FPV Exchange a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-fee right to exercise any and all Intellectual Property Rights you have in that content. You waive your right to enforce you Intellectual Property Rights in provided content to FPV Exchange in the implementation, expansion and development of FPV Exchange. You agree that all content that you provide is owned by you and you control all necessary rights and will meet your obligations under this User Agreement. You agree that information in any FPV Exchange marketplace listing provided is accurate. You agree that FPV Exchange’s use of provided content, including derivative work, by FPV Exchange, our users and contractors does not infringe upon any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party. FPV Exchange takes no responsibility and assumes no liability provided by any content provided by you or any third party. 

We offer product data, including images, descriptions and specifications, that are provided by third parties, including FPV Exchange users. You may use that content solely in your FPV Exchange listings. FPV Exchange may modify or revoke that permission at any time in our sole discretion. Details about each product is copyrighted, trademarked and is proprietary. You will not remove any markings, including copyrighted or trademarked or proprietary information, markings or data, nor create a derived work on anything other than data within the app.
FPV Exchange is not expected to provide the most accurate, complete or current data, but will try every effort to ensure that data is as current, complete and accurate as possible. You will not hold FPV Exchange accountable or liable for any inaccuracies.

The name "FPV Exchange" and other FPV Exchange logos, designs and phrases are trademarks, service marks, or trade dress of FPV Exchange in the U.S. and other countries. They may not be used without the express written prior permission of FPV Exchange.

## 10. Notice for Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Copyright Infringement Pursuant to Section 512(c) 
of Title 17 of the United States Code

Notices of alleged copyright infringement will be in accordance with the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act (US DMCA). Please notify FPV Exchange if you believe that your intellectual property rights have been violated or infringed upon.

## 11. Holds and Restricted Funds

Your liability as a seller may require FPV Exchange to restrict a portion of a seller’s Stripe funds based upon various factors, such as a seller’s history, performance, responsiveness, return rate, ratings, transaction value and item categorization, among other factors.  Therefore, this may result in Stripe restricting funds within your Stripe account.

## 12. Authorization to Contact You; Recording Calls; Analyzing Message Content

FPV Exchange, or one of it’s affiliates, may contact you to (i) Notify you regarding your account; (ii) Troubleshoot and assist with your account; (iii) Resolve a dispute or issue; (iv) Collect a debt; or (v) Service your account and/or enforce this User Agreement, our policies or any applicable law or agreement that we may have with you. Standard telephone minute and text changes may apply and may include overage fees if you have exceeded your limits.

Collection, use, retention and protection of your personal information is detailed in the ***Privacy Policy***. FPV Exchange may, without further notice or warning, monitor or record telephone or video conversations with you or anyone acting on your behalf, to improve quality control, training purposes or for it’s own protection. FPV Exchange may process message scanning prior to transmission or store message contents for review to prevent fraudulent activity or violations of FPV Exchange’s User Agreement.

### Privacy of Others; Marketing

Information about another user provided to you by FPV Exchange is for your purposes only and is not to be sold, disclosed, rented or distributed to others. You may not use user information for marketing purposes without the consent of the affected user to do so.

## 13. Additional Terms

### Returns and Cancellations

Sellers may remove or customize their return preferences for items within their FPV Exchange item or seller profile. You agree to comply with our ***returns policy***. 

Most FPV Exchange sales go smoothly, but if there's a problem with a purchase you’ll have to coordinate with the other party to resolve the dispute. Ratings are established primarily for this reason to ensure that the transaction goes as flawlessly as possible. The cost of return shipping for an item that is not as described is the seller's responsibility. FPV Exchange will attempt to assist, if possible, to resolve the dispute, but ultimately transactions are expected to occur in the manner of “buyer beware” and “as is.” FPV Exchange, however, provides much more information than other platforms regarding the other party to allow both buyers and sellers to make an informed decision prior to any transaction. 

If you (as seller), choose to reimburse a buyer, or are required to reimburse a buyer, you authorize FPV Exchange to request that Stripe remove the reimbursement amount (in same or other currency) from your Stripe account, place the amount on your invoice, and/or charge your payment method on file. If we cannot get reimbursement from you, we may collect the outstanding sums using other collection mechanisms, including retaining collection agencies.

FPV Exchange, the payments entity or its affiliates may save payment information, such as credit card or debit card numbers, and card expiration dates, entered by you on FPV Exchange when a transactions occurs using a credit card by utilizing Strip for payment processing. Payment information, including credit or debit card numbers or expiration dates, will not be kept on FPV Exchange and will only be utilized by Stripe if you elect to do so. Saved payment information can then be later used to expedite future transactions. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information and consent to FPV Exchange updating information from information provided by you, your bank or payment service providers. 

You agree to comply with all applicable rules, laws and regulations, terms and conditions in using payment processing. You understand that some card issuers may have their own terms and conditions which are necessary to abide by to allow for a transaction to occur. Failure to abide by these rules may result in service fees or other actions taken.

## 14. Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability

You agree that FPV Exchanges services are “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE”. Accordingly, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all express or implied warranties, terms and conditions including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
FPV Exchange is not liable, and you agree to not hold FPV Exchange responsible for any damages, losses (including, but not limited to money, goodwill, profits, reputation and other intangible losses) resulting directly or indirectly from:

1.	content that you provided (directly or indirectly) from using FPV Exchange;
2.	pricing, format or other information provided by FPV Exchange;
3.	delays or interruptions of FPV Exchange;
4.	malicious software obtained from FPV Exchange;
5.	inaccuracies, bugs or errors in FPV Exchange;
6.	the contention, actions or inactions of third parties, including but not limited to destruction or fake or imitations of real items;
7.	a suspension, termination or other action as a result of a breach of the FPV Exchange User Agreement or associated policies;;
8.	your need to modify typical practices, content, behavior or your loss or inability to perform business as a result of changes to this FPV Exchange User Agreement or associated polices.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of warranties or exclusion of damages, so such disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you.

Regardless of the previous paragraphs, if we are found to be liable, our liability to you or to any third party is limited to the greater of (a) any amounts due up to the price the item sold for on FPV Exchange (including any applicable sales tax) and its original shipping costs, (b) the amount of fees in dispute not to exceed the total fees, which you paid to us in the 12 months prior to the action giving rise to the liability, or (c) $100.

## 15. Release

If you have dispute with one more users of FPV Exchange, you release FPV Exchange (and our affiliates, employees and directors) from any and all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind. In entering into this release, you expressively waive any protections (statutory or otherwise) that would otherwise limit coverage of this release to only include claims which you may know or suspect to exist at the time that you agree to this release.

## 16. Indemnity

You will indemnify and hold us, including our affiliates, employees and directors) harmless from any claim or demand, including legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach to this User Agreement or any breach of any law or rights of a third party.

## 17. Legal Disputes

**PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL HAVE AN IMPACT HOW CLAIMS YOU AND FPV EXCHANGE HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED.**

**You and FPV Exchange agree that any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen, or may arise, between you and FPV Exchange (including but not limited to any claim or dispute between you and a third-party agent of FPV Exchange) that relates in any way or that arises out of this or prior versions of this User Agreement, your use or access of FPV Exchange, the actions of FPV Exchange or its agents, or any products purchased through FPV Exchange, will be resolved per the provisions set within this Legal Disputes section.**

### A. Applicable Law
You agree that, except to the extent inconsistent with or preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Utah, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this User Agreement and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and FPV Exchange, except as otherwise stated in this User Agreement.

### B. Agreement to Arbitrate
**You and FPV Exchange agree that any and all disputes or claims that have or may arise between you and FPV  Exchange (including any disputes between you and a third-party agent of FPV Exchange) that relate in any way to or arise from prior versions of FPV Exchange, the actions of FPV Exchange or any of its agents, or any products sold, offered or purchased through FPV Exchange will be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than in court. Alternatively, you may assert your claims in small claims court, if your claims quality and so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis.**

**The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement to Arbitrate.**

#### 1.	Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief
**YOU AND FPV EXCHANGE AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, OR REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING. UNLESS BOTH YOU AND FPV EXCHANGE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, CLASS, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING. ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S). ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER USERS.** If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this paragraph's limitations as to a particular claim for relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court, subject to your and FPV Exchange's right to appeal the court's decision. All other claims will be arbitrated.

#### 2.	Arbitration Procedures
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and court review of an arbitration award is very limited. However, an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individual basis that a court can award to an individual. An arbitrator should apply the terms of the User Agreement as a court would. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to arbitrability, the scope or enforceability of this Agreement to Arbitrate, or the interpretation of Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), shall be for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.

The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules (as applicable), as modified by this Agreement to Arbitrate. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org. There may be more than one arbitrator, determined by the AAA. 

A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a completed form Notice of Dispute ("Notice"). You may download a ***Notice of Dispute***. The Notice to Dispute should be sent to FPV Exchange Inc., Attn: Litigation Department, Re: Notice of Dispute, 120 Forrest Creek Ct, Langhorne, PA 19053. FPV Exchange will send any Notice to you to the physical address we have on file associated with your FPV Exchange account; it is your responsibility to keep your physical address up to date. All information called for in the Notice must be provided, including a description of the nature and basis of the claims the party is asserting and the relief sought.
If you and FPV Exchange are unable to resolve the claims described in the Notice within 30 days after the Notice is sent, you or FPV Exchange may initiate arbitration proceedings. A form for initiating arbitration proceedings is available on the AAA's site at www.adr.org. In addition to filing this form with the AAA in accordance with its rules and procedures, the party initiating the arbitration must mail a copy of the completed form to the opposing party. In the event FPV Exchange initiates an arbitration against you, it will send a copy of the completed form to the physical address we have on file associated with your FPV Exchange account. Any settlement offer made by you or FPV Exchange shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator.

The arbitration hearing shall be held in Bucks Country or at another mutually agreed location. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, you or FPV Exchange may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on you and FPV Exchange subject to the arbitrator's discretion to require an in-person hearing, if the circumstances warrant. In cases where an in-person hearing is held, you and/or FPV Exchange may attend by telephone, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise. 

The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with applicable law, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same FPV Exchange user to the extent required by applicable law. The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

#### 3.	Costs of Arbitration
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules, unless otherwise stated in this Agreement to Arbitrate. If the value of the relief sought is $4,000 or less, at your request, FPV Exchange will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration. Any request for payment of fees by FPV Exchange should be submitted by mail to the AAA along with your Demand for Arbitration and FPV Exchange will make arrangements to pay all necessary fees directly to the AAA.

If (a) you willfully fail to comply with the Notice of Dispute requirement discussed above, or (b) in the event the arbitrator determines the claim(s) you assert in the arbitration to be frivolous, you agree to reimburse FPV Exchange for all fees associated with the arbitration paid by FPV Exchange on your behalf that you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA's rules.

#### 4.	Severability
With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), if an arbitrator or court decides that any part of this Agreement to Arbitrate is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this Agreement to Arbitrate shall still apply.

#### 5.	Future Amendments to the Agreement to Arbitrate
You and FPV Exchange agree that if FPV Exchange make any amendments to this Agreement to Arbitrate (other than an amendment to any notice address or site link provided herein) in the future, that amendment shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against FPV Exchange prior to the effective date of the amendment. The amendment shall apply to all other disputes or claims governed by the Agreement to Arbitrate that have arisen or may arise between you and FPV Exchange. We will notify you of amendments to this Agreement to Arbitrate by posting the amended terms on FPVExchange.com at least 30 days before the effective date of the amendments and by providing notice through the FPV Exchange Message Center and/or by email. If you do not agree to these amended terms, you may close your account within the 30-day period and you will not be bound by the amended terms.

### C. Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes
Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Agreement to Arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute, as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and FPV Exchange must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court. You and FPV Exchange agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.

## 18. General
Except as otherwise provided in this User Agreement, if any provision of this User Agreement is held to be invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. In our sole discretion, we may assign this User Agreement, and in such event, we will post notice on FPVExchange.com.

Any heading preceding the text of the several paragraphs and subparagraphs hereof are inserted solely for convenience of reference and shall not constitute a part of this User Agreement nor shall they affect its meaning, construction or effect. 

A failure of FPV Exchange to take action in regards to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to take subsequent action or take action in similar breaches. FPV Exchange does not guarantee to take action on all breaches of any kind within the User Agreement. 

Amendments to this User Agreement may occur at any time and occurs by posting the terms on FPVExchange.com and may include items removed, added or modified. We will provide you 30 days prior notice prior to them taking effect and notify you via the FPV Exchange notification center, messaging center and/or email. Continued access of FPV Exchange signifies your acceptance for the new terms, but occasionally an electronic authorization in the form of a checkbox or button may optionally be included to indicate your acceptance to the new terms.

Policies and terms posted on FPVExchange.com may be changed from time to time and changes take effect when they are posted.

If you create an account on behalf of a business entity, you guarantee that you are authorized and permitted to ensure that the associated business entity will follow all terms and conditions within this User Agreement and all policies of FPV Exchange.

The FPV Exchange User Agreement and all terms and policies set the agreement between you and FPV Exchange and supersedes all prior agreements and policies. 

Various sections of this User Agreement persist despite the termination of this User Agreement. This includes the following sections: Content, Disclaimer of Warranties, Fees, General, Indemnity, Legal Disputes, Limitation of Liability and Release.

If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.

Pursuant to 815 ILCS 414/1.5(c), for transactions involving tickets to events in Illinois, buyers and sellers may elect to submit complaints against one another to the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its rules and procedures. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org. Such complaints shall be decided by an independent arbitrator in accordance with this User Agreement. Buyers and sellers further agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Illinois for complaints involving a ticketed event held in Illinois.
